** First of all, I strongly condemn any kind of violence from either side who is supporting CAA (CAB earlier) or not, if we are trying to follow our ancestor then we should follow their path of non-violence who indeed provided us Freedom**
Current framework of CAA has some issues which needs to be fixed but altogether current CAA with NRC becomes the deadliest combination, you will get the idea from below example which I believe current government is inspired of: -
“Back in 1982, Myanmar adopted a citizenship law recognising eight ethnic groups as “national races”, whose members were entitled to citizenship. But Rohingya — a mostly-Muslim population reviled by Burmese as illegal migrants from Bangladesh — were excluded. They instead needed “conclusive evidence” that their ancestors had lived in Burma prior to its 1948 independence — impossible for most to provide. “[Source: Financial Times]
Did you find anything similar? Well if you break this law into two, you will find its quite similar to CAA and NRC. Although Rohingyas held well in Myanmar after loosing their majority of rights but we know their fate indeed.
Does it possible for people who are living in areas where floods are very common (Chennai, Kerala, etc), Mr PM they have lost their homes, lives they didn’t bother to keep their documents to prove their nationality after years. Forget about common people, currently in Assam Ex-President’s and Kargil Soldier’s family is not able to clear NRC.
PM says, Muslim does not need to worry. But we are worried sir and entire nation is worried from their perspective it is a threat to all communities not just one. Can’t you be big hearted and put this on hold till you explain all benefits to everyone? You say opposition is spreading hate, but you are in power you have more power to spread right things about this new Act, please help us understand.
Note: These are my (Mohd Umar) individual thoughts, as what I understand and interpret from this Law. If I am wrong or the nation is interpreting it wrong. We need help from PM and government to explain us before forcing it on us.
